All right.
So we're back after the break.
We're going to take a look at the example of regression.
And we're going to start from the very scratch and look at every detail that we need to know.
So we're going to have this dataset.
So this is our data set.
This over here is our input.
All right.
So we're only going to give the machine one input that is going to be area of the house.
Square feet and we're going to give it a number of examples.
So these examples are going to be called data points so we have hard data is it hard data points.
We have our inputs.
And this over here is our output that the machine is supposed to learn to predict.
So for instance we have these three examples over here we can take two examples and we can put this
in the training set
and take this score here and we're going to put it in the test.
Obviously if you're going to have a real machine learning algorithm or an example we need to have these
like 30000 over here and 20000 over here.
But the concept is going to remain the same.
Right.
So we take this dataset over here and we take some of the points at string set and then what we do is
we go over here and we plot it on the x axis we're going to have are here and on the y axis and we're
going to have our price.
So first let's try to think about the machine the machine first does is it takes the price and the area
and it plots all the data points that we showed it.
Right.
So these values you can ignore for the moment it's not really important what the exact values are.
You can get rid of these and you can plot all of the different values that we have in our data point.
Right.
So once we have these different data points over here what we want to do is we want to predict what
the relationship is between the area and the price if we know what the relationship is.
What we can do is we can simply plug in the area in that relationship equation and get the price up
seems freely straightforward.
Right.
It's not that straightforward but it's a good enough approximation to start with.
So let's assume first that the relationship between the area and the price is linear.
So what does that mean.
It means that the price is equal to some number.
A plus B of any so we multiply the area by some number.
And then we add some number and we get the price.
So this one a linear relationship.
Now since this looks a little bit too long look we're going to do is we're going to change this price
too wide.
All right we're going to change this area to X and we get the simple equation of.
Is it wise to A plus B X.
Now this is the straight line equation
straight line equation.
Right.
And these two things are what we need to figure out.
We already know all the excess.
We already know all the whys.
Right.
So we got them in the data center we're here.
Now what we need to do is find out what a and b are.
So what this does is for instance like let's take two values let's assume that the value of e is equal
to over here.
That's in scoreless twenty five and let's say the slope of this line is let's say two point nine.
So the value of eight is going to be twenty five and the value B's going to be two point nine.
So this is the slope so me over here is the slope.
So let's go ahead and take that I turn this over here is the slope.
So this basically says if we change X how much is y going to change.
So if we change X by one unit how much is y going to change.
So let's say if B is 2 and we have is equal to 4.
So it is going to be four plus two into x.
So that's an example.
Why is it good for us to into x.
So if X was to vote we're going to have Y as two into two is four plus four is eight.
If we change this to three it's going to be three into two teams going to do which is when the sixth
before you wouldn't think what they says is if you change X by 1 y changes by 2.
And that is going to be the slope over here which is B and the value of B is two.
So I apologize if I'm boring you with all the details but it's it's really helpful if you understand
this theory a little bit.
So you can skip ahead if you find this too easy to understand right.
So anyway let's go ahead.
So we got the slope over here and we got the gate and this essentially means that if you set X to zero
then where does the Y stand.
So if X is equal to zero Y is going to be over here.
Right.
So this is the y intercept anyway so let's get back to our line here.
So we have this line over here.
And if you look at this line it does not look like it's a good fit for these points.
The points are going somewhere else and if this was our prediction and we wanted to predict the value
of y over here this would be our prediction whereas Y is way over here right.
We'd be wrong for almost all the different points right.
So these would be our predictions and almost all of the points that we may be far away from our prediction.
So what we want to do is we want to figure out a way of changing this line from here to let's say over
here.
So this looks a lot better still.
Our prediction is going to be off for this guy over here and it's going to be off for this guy over
here and this is going to be off a little bit here a little bit here.
So we still have problems over here.
But as you can notice the problems aren't all that bad.
So ahead.
This individual was all the way wrong here.
So this is very wrong.
This is very wrong.
A lot lot more longer than over here.
That's not a word.
But you know what I mean.
Right.
So anyway.
Which one is better.
You tell me it looks to me like this guy over here is better right.
So let's go all the way back over here to our definition of machine learning and realize.
Right.
So better what is better.
So he said according to some measure let's go ahead and find out what the measure of what it is.
Let's formalize our thinking.
What are we saying.
Why are we saying that this second line this blue line is better.
It's better because the these lines over here the error lines the difference between our prediction
and what the real world data says.
Those are smaller.
So the smaller the lines the better the fit.
So that's why we use the word fit over here so we're fitting the line.
So let's write that a ill fitting in the line.
Right.
So I'm putting the line over the data points.
Now what we have over here are some errors.
Let's collect these errors in a specific formula.
So let's go over here and say let's take this one point over here.
So this is our prediction over here.
Let's call this my prime.
So we have a prime over here.
All right.
And what we're trying to do is we're trying to find out the difference between these two.
So why prime minus the Y.
So this over here is our white prime.
So this is our prediction.
And this over here is our real world value.
The one that we got from our data set.
So now we have our prediction and the real world value which is our ground truth.
The expectation.
So whatever the difference between these two is now if this Y is more than the real value it's bad.
If it's less than the real world value it's equally bad.
So we don't care what the difference between the two is.
So what we can do is we can go ahead and square it.
So if you square it if you've got this number to be let's say minus two.
This way to turn into four and if the number of us to this is also going to turn into four.
Right so we get rid of the essentially the minus sign over here.
When we come back to why we need that in a minute.
So now we have this difference between our prediction and the expectation.
We also want to consider all of the different points.
So what we're going to do is we're going to sum over from ICE equal to zero to.
So this M is going to be the number of data points that we have so number of data points right.
So this is our number of data points and we're going to some or all of these different things.
What if we have a million data points this value is going to be quite large.
If you have only 10000 that's going to add this value is going to be small.
So what we want to do is we want to take away this and this m effect over here and multiply that by
one over.
Right.
So now we have an equation over here which essentially gives us the specifics of this better.
So if this value is small we're going to say that the D lines are better.
Right.
So if you draw a line and then we compute this whole thing over here and it gives us let's say 20 minus
20 20 and then we draw another line and that gives us 40 we're going to say that this line is better.
Why is it better.
Because the errors are much much smaller and the aggregate of the errors of the average of the errors
or the mean of the errors which errors squared errors
right.
So the mean squared errors are much much smaller.
And that's that means that it's a better fit right.
So this is called a root meaning squared error.
So if you put an untruth over there.
If you put it under the door then that is when to turn it into a root means where all you're going to
see mean square.
Right now that's a lot to take in but that covers a lot of ground in terms of understanding machine
learning so make sure you go back and understand all of this.
If you have any questions at all please come back to me asking the questions I'd be happy to help and
make sure you understand this if you understand these portions or hear machine learning and code and
everything else is going to be a lot easier for you down the line.
Let's summarize this and finish off this video.
So what we're going to do is we're going to change R A's and B's do theta zero and theta one right.
So these are essentially a and b the same thing right.
No difference.
We're just calling them as you know and theta one because we're going to have quite a few and essentially
they're going to go into a very large number greater than 26 or Alphabet is not going to be enough for
us.
So these two things over here these need to be identified this X remember is fixed on here.
This overhead is what we call my prime right.
So this is a prediction.
So let's call it etch teed off.
So let's call this etch is for hypothesis on hypothesis given the values of theaters which are all here
for a particular input x.
So this is going to be equal to my right.
So this over here.
This whole thing over here is are what is called a model.
So this is a model.
These are the models parameters.
So this is obviously the input.
And this is our prediction.
And what we're trying to do is we're trying to fit the model and what that means is we're trying to
find the values of these model parameters such that our error is minimized
points for error is minimized.
That's what we're trying to do.
So we have I think we have prediction.
We have our parameters and we have our model here.
So that is essentially all the terminology that you need to have in order to understand machine learning
literature all the other things will come along as we go as we proceed with our course in the next video
we're going to take a look at how we can change this really valued output into classes and then cover
the more interesting areas of machine learning such just classifications.